update scaling demo (#3236)
openvinotoolkit/model_server: demos/continuous_batching/scaling/README.md

NUMA node5 CPU(s):                    160-191,352-383
```

> Download the export_model.py script and requirements.txt:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Download the export_model.py script and install python dependencies:
```
